== Prerequisites

* bundler

* git

* Node.js

* PostgreSQL

* Ruby 2.x

== Installation

On Debian 8 (Jessie) or later and Ubuntu 14.10 (Utopic Unicorn) or later:

<tt># apt-get install bundler git nodejs postgresql postgresql-server-dev-9.4 ruby ruby-dev</tt>

On Ubuntu 14.04 (Trusty Tahr):

<tt># apt-get install bundler git nodejs postgresql postgresql-server-dev-9.3 ruby2.0 ruby2.0-dev</tt>

<tt># rm /usr/bin/ruby /usr/bin/gem /usr/bin/irb /usr/bin/rdoc /usr/bin/erb</tt>

<tt># for f in ruby gem irb rdoc erb; do ln -s /usr/bin/${f}2.0 /usr/bin/$f; done</tt>

<tt># gem update --system</tt>

<tt># gem pristine --all</tt>

Then, on all systems:

<tt>$ git clone https://[username]@github.com/valegro/subsright.git</tt>

<tt>$ cd subsright</tt>

<tt>$ git checkout master</tt>

<tt>$ bundle install</tt>

<tt>$ sudo gem pristine --all</tt>

=== Development

<tt>$ sudo -u postgres createuser -d $USER</tt>

<tt>$ rake db:create</tt>

<tt>$ rake db:migrate</tt>

<tt>$ rake test</tt>

<tt>$ rails s</tt>

You can now visit http://localhost:3000 which will initialise the default configuration.

Check log/development.log for the text of the outbound mail to admin@example.com and follow the
"confirm your account email" link provided.  You can then log in with that email and the initial
default password "password".  You can now create and edit admin users and the site configuration.

=== Production

<tt>$ sudo -u postgres createuser -d -P subsright</tt>

<tt>$ SUBSRIGHT_DATABASE_PASSWORD='<em>password</em>' RAILS_ENV=production rake db:create</tt>

<tt>$ SUBSRIGHT_DATABASE_PASSWORD='<em>password</em>' RAILS_ENV=production rake db:migrate</tt>

<tt>$ psql -h localhost subsright_production subsright -c "update admin_users set email='<em>email</em>' where id=1;"</tt>

<tt>$ SUBSRIGHT_DATABASE_PASSWORD='<em>password</em>' RAILS_ENV=production rake assets:precompile</tt>

<tt>$ rake secret</tt>

<tt>$ SECRET_KEY_BASE='<em>secret</em> SUBSRIGHT_DATABASE_PASSWORD='<em>password</em>' RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rackup -E production</tt>

You can now visit http://localhost:9292 which will initialise the default configuration.

Then visit http://localhost:9292/admin/confirmation/new and enter the admin email address you
configured above.  When you receive the confirmation email and follow the "confirm your account
email" link provided, you can then log in with that email and the initial default password
"password".  You can now create and edit admin users and the site configuration.
