= Subscriptus manual

To access the administrator user interface for Subscriptus, if your instance is at the domain name
"example.com" use your web browser to visit http://example.com/admin which if you are not already
logged in will redirect you to the login page.  You can then log in with your email address and
password or use the other links to request a password reset, re-send the confirmation instructions
when you are using a new email address, or re-send the unlock instructions if your account has
been locked due to multiple failed attempts to log in.

Once you are logged in, you can select the sections documented below from the menu bar at the top
of the page, view and edit your own account information via the link on the right hand side of the
menu bar or log out.

== Dashboard

This page will provide graphs and reports.

Not implemented yet.

== Admin Users

Admin users are able to view and change all aspects of your Subscriptus system.  You can create as
many admin users as you need, but each must have a unique email address.  There must always be at
least one admin user, so it is not possible to delete the last remaining admin user.

== Campaigns

Campaigns allow you to group together offers that you wish to promote.  Active campaigns that
include active offers will be shown on your Subscriptus home page.  Campaigns can optionally
have start and/or finish dates, or they can run indefinitely.  Campaigns can be edited or deleted
at any time, but you will be asked to confirm if the campaign is currently active.

== Comments

All records in Subscriptus can have comments attached that are only visible to admin users.
Comments are created and viewed when viewing (but not when editing) other records.

== Configurations

This is where you enter settings that affect the entire system.  Currently this includes your
name and logo which will appear on all pages.

== Customers

Customers can provide and update their own contact information, but discounts need to be approved
or assigned by admin users.  Customers can qualify for more than one discount, but only the one
which offers the best price will be applied to any given purchase.  When a customer first enters
their information, they will be warned that without an email address they will not be able to log
in and manage their details in future.

If a customer email address matches a user email address, that user account will be associated
with the customer.  If a customer email address does not match any existing user email address
and the customer is not already associated with an existing user account, a new user account will
be created and an initial random password generated once the email address has been confirmed.

Customers can request that their active subscriptions be cancelled, which will require an
administrator to action the request and set their subscription expiry date to the date on which
the cancellation takes effect.  Administrators will be able to see all active subscriptions that
have a cancellation reason as a list of pending cancellations.

Customers who have subscriptions or product orders cannot be deleted until those have been
archived.  It should be possible to migrate all subscriptions and product orders of a customer to
another customer, which will permit the first customer to be deleted.  This is not yet implemented.

== Discounts

Discounts that are marked as "requestable" will be visible to customers and they will be able
to apply by providing reference details to substantiate their claim to eligibility.  If the
eligibility has an expiry date, customers will be asked to provide new details once the
expiry date has passed in order to renew their ability to take advantage of that discount.

Discounts that are not requestable can only be manually assigned to customers by admin users.
Deleting a discount associated with any prices will require confirmation and will also delete
all information provided by customers about their eligibility for that discount. 

== Offers

Each offer consists of subscriptions to some number of publications (or none) for a specified
period of time and a specified maximum number of subscribers together with some number of products
(or none).  Offers need not have any publications or products if you wish to use them to ask for
donations.  They can optionally have start and/or finish dates, or they can run indefinitely.

Offers can be part of more than one campaign, and offers that are not part of any active campaign
will not be shown on the Subscriptus home page but can still be accessed directly on their own
pages.  Offers can have a number of prices for different discounts and in different currencies.
Offers will not be shown if they have no prices.  Customer discounts will not be available on
offers that include group subscriptions.

Offers are one per customer, but a logged in user may make a purchase on behalf of multiple
associated customers in a single transaction.

Offers that have associated purchases cannot be deleted until all associated purchases have been
archived.

== Payment records

Payment records are created as part of a completed purchase for each publication included in the
offer purchased for each customer as a record of the creation or renewal of the associated
subscription. They can not be manually edited or deleted and will be automatically archived along
with their associated subscriptions.

== Prices

Each price point must specify a currency and amount.  If a number of monthly payments is provided,
the payment will be recurring for that number of payments, otherwise it will be a single payment.
If an initial amount is provided, the first payment can be a different amount than the subsequent
monthly payments.  The same price point can be applied to any number of offers either as the
default full price or as a discount price.  Price points can be edited or deleted at any time.

== Products

Each product can have a stock level.  The quantity in stock will be decreased by one for each
product shipped to a customer as part of an offer purchased.  Customers will be warned when a
product is out of stock and required to explicitly confirm purchase of any offer where one or more
included products can not be provided.  If there is no quantity specified the product will be
considered to have unlimited availability.

Products can be an "optional" part of an offer, in which case the customer will be asked to
select any one of the optional products for that offer that are in stock.  Non-optional products
are always included with an offer if they are in stock.

Products cannot be deleted while they are part of any offer or offers or while there are any
associated product orders that have not yet been archived.

== Product orders

Product orders are created as part of a purchase for each product included in the offer purchased
for each customer, including products that were out of stock at the time of purchase.

Administrators will be able to see all product orders with a completed purchase and no shipped date
as a list of in-stock products that need to be shipped, and all product orders with no stock and no
shipped date (regardless of purchase completion) as a list of out-of-stock products that need to be
reordered if possible.

Product orders can be shipped if they are in stock and the associated purchase has been completed.
Product orders that have already been shipped can be reset as not shipped if the customer requires
that the product be reshipped, for example due to damage or non-delivery.  This will not return
the item to stock.  That can be done manually if the product is returned in saleable condition.

Product orders will be automatically archived along with their associated purchases.

== Publications

Each publication must include a link to the website for that publication.  Customers who take up
an offer including a publication will be recorded as subscribed to that publication for the
specified period of time.  Customers will be contacted to encourage them to take up a new offer
to renew their subscription when their expiry date is imminent.

Publications cannot be deleted while they are part of any offer or offers, nor while there are
any customers with unexpired subscriptions.  Once a publication is no longer part of any offer
and no customers still have unexpired subscriptions,  deleting a publication will also remove all
records of expired subscriptions and will require confirmation.

== Purchases

In order to purchase an offer that includes any publications or products, all associated customers
must have a postal address.  Purchases are created when an offer is accepted, and each associated
customer will have a payment record created for each publication included in the offer and a
product order created for each product included in the purchase.  Customers who do not have
existing subscriptions to the included publications will get new subscriptions with an expiry date
set to the end of the offer trial period.

When a purchase has been completed, which requires a unique receipt, the subscription expiry date
for each associated payment record will be extended by the subscription period in the offer, or if
the expiry date is equal to the subscription date plus the offer trial period it will simply be
set to the subscription date plus the subscription period in the offer.

If a purchase is cancelled rather than completed, all associated payment records and unshipped
product orders will be deleted.  If a purchase is cancelled (reversed) after it has already been
completed, the subscription expiry date for each associated payment record will be reduced by the
subscription period in the offer and all associated unshipped product orders will then be deleted.
Note that subscriptions with no expiry date will not be affected and will remain active.

Purchases cannot deleted until they have been archived along with the associated payment records,
subscriptions and product orders.

== Subscriptions

Subscriptions are created or their expiry date extended as part of a purchase for each publication
included in the offer purchased.  Subscriptions default to a single customer, but can also be a
group subscription with a specified maximum number of customers.  Subscriptions cannot be deleted
until they have been archived along with the associated payment records, purchases and product
orders, and can not be archived until they have expired or been cancelled.

== Users

Users can view and update the details of any associated customer and subscription.  When updating
a subscription they can choose to create new associated customers who need not have email addresses
of their own, and if they change their user email address any associated customers that had the
same previous email address will be updated to the new email address.  The user can explicitly
change customer email addresses so that they are no longer the same as their user email address if
they wish.

Users can be edited or deleted at any time.  Deleting a user who has one or more associated
customers will require confirmation and will cause those customers to no longer be associated with
any user, which means they can then only be updated by administrators.  Note that deleting a user
will not delete any customer details or cancel any active subscriptions.
